= Rem

== About the project

This is a Rails application that forms part of a project of a University
course. The project is about a social network that let the users create
routes and share them with their friends. It also has a Rest API that let an
Android terminal to interact with the site. This project contains the
website (this same repository) and an Android app that interacts with
this site (find it at https://github.com/edpons/rem_android.git).

== About the programmers

There are three programmers behind this project:

  - Miquel Sabaté, responsible of the website and the design of the API.
  - Ruben Gómez, main programmer of the Android application.
  - Enric Domènech, designer of the DB and helper on the Android app.


== About this website

This website is using Rails v3.1. Therefore, to set it up you have to install
all the required gems (through bundle command), configure the DB connections
(config/database.yml file) and migrate the DB. Moreover, you can also make sure
that all the tests are passing by calling:

  $ guard

Note that the guard gem is using libnotify, make sure to have this installed
on your computer. Also note that the server is expected to run on Linux.
You can launch this site by calling:

  $ rails s -e production

This will boot WEBrick in the production environment. Alternatively, there's also
some NGinx and Unicorn basic configuration inside the config/ directory if you
don't want to run this site with WEBrick. Place the files where necessary to
have the NGinx/Unicorn combo properly configured.
